The next goal is to be able to go to the detail page when we click on one of those items.
And that's again something you can try solving on your own.
We learn all the things you need for this.
You can also decide how the detail page should look for you.
It would make sense to put the title the description the difficulty and then we also need to edit the
recipe delete the recipe.
And well depending on how you Lotus also close to modal if you want to present it as a model or whatever
your goal is now whatever your goal is.
I will show you my solution in a couple of seconds.
So were you successful.
Let's see one possible approach.
I'll go to the recipe H.T. mail file to this template.
And here I will.
First of all adjust my header.
My title to say recipe and here I think it would make sense to not only say recipe but I'll put the
title of the recipe so I will assume that we will have a recipe property so we don't have it yet but
we will add it which then of course also has a title since the Sabella property off a recipe.
And then we can outpoured all the details here in the content.
I won't use D-grade for this.
Of course you can also use a list or whatever you like.
And in this grid I want to have a row with a column where I want to output the recipe title again.
You don't need to do this since it is in the title of the whole document in the nav bar.
But I like to have it clearly visible in the page body too.
And below this I will add a div where I output the recipe difficulty and I will change the style of
this in a second.
Know Below this I want to add another row where will output the description in a paragraph of course.
So here on the recipe again this property doesn't exist yet but it will do so soon.
I will output the description of that recipe and then I will actually add a list of ingredients.
So I will add another eye and roll with I and color them and in their iron list really nesting those
elements.
And in this I am placed.
I now want to have iron items for all the ingredients so they are read only they won't be clickable
or editable.
I just want to display them.
So here I will loop through my ingredients let's store them in a variable named ingredient maybe of
my recipe ingredients property which is an array of ingredients if you recall this.
And then here are simply output ingredient name ingredient of course referring to the individual ingredient
of the array.
And again our ingredient model defines that each ingredient has a name property.
So I can access this here.
So if I'm outputting the ingredients and below this role I will then add another row where I want to
have a button which allows me to add the ingredients to the shopping list.
So I have a number I'm Cullin here and in this call and let's add a button which of course receives
the iron button directive.
And then I want to have this clear style with no borders no background of course you may change this
and click Lisner where we say on add ingredients because this is what this button should do.
And as a caption I will say add ingredients to shopping list of course you may choose another text but
that just restyle this to make it easier to read that I've got this button.
However I only want to show this whole row with that button if and therefore I use NGF.
If we actually do have any ingredients Otherwise there is no need to show this button because there
is nothing to add.
Right.
Therefore I will check if recipe ingredients length is greater than zero if it is not greater than zero.
That means we don't have any ingredients so no need to show does add ingredients to shopping list button.
Well and then I will add another row and here will actually add two columns.
The first column will hold a button with I and bottom of course and here will use the outline style
which will be responsible for editing the recipe.
So you're able to call on edit recipe and also give us a caption of added recipe and then I'll add another
column where I also add a button.
Oh also let me restructure this and at deep block elements to the button block directive.
And on the second button here I will do pretty much the same.
So all the restructure does already give it this outline look make it a block button.
But desperateness then responsible for deleting the recipe.
So here on the lead recipe should be called and it will say delete recipe here.
And I think it makes sense to give this color danger because it is dangerous to click there.
It will actually remove the recipe right.
So these are the two buttons.
This is everything I need here.
Next I want to style this death here.
Give it a nice little custom style before I then continue hooking this up and loading the recipe in
the first place.